{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Times New Roman;}}
\f0\fs22
ID\tab Question\tab Kind\tab Possible Answers\par
M1_Q1\tab I keep shared promises even when inconvenient.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q2\tab I stick to plans and schedules I make.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q3\tab People describe me as reliable and on time.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q4\tab I can ignore minor annoyances to keep harmony.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q5\tab I speak up if something repeatedly bothers me.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q6\tab How do you prefer your home to feel?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Home as social hub, 5=Home as quiet retreat)\par
M1_Q7\tab How do you prefer to give and receive feedback?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Direct/concise feedback, 5=Cushioned/indirect feedback)\par
M1_Q8\tab I’m comfortable giving constructive feedback to housemates promptly.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q9\tab I usually apologize first to resolve tension.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q10\tab How should shared costs and responsibilities be divided?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Strict equality (exact splits), 5=Fairness (needs-based))\par
M1_Q11\tab I’m flexible about different ways of doing things at home.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q12\tab I prefer having written house rules that everyone can see (e.g., a chore chart).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q13\tab I’m energized by social activity at home after a long day.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q14\tab Tidy surroundings help me de-stress.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q15\tab I get anxious if plans change last-minute.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q16\tab I’d rather talk issues out than let them fade.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q17\tab I keep track of shared tasks without being asked.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q18\tab I’m comfortable setting personal boundaries with friends at home.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q19\tab I’m curious about others’ routines/traditions and can adapt at home.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q20\tab How should house rules be applied?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Clear rules even if strict, 5=Flexible case-by-case)\par
M1_Q21\tab I can tolerate some mess without it bothering me.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q22\tab I’m okay borrowing/lending small items with explicit permission.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q23\tab When resolving conflicts, what's more important to you?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Quick compromise, 5=Thorough discussion before deciding)\par
M1_Q24\tab I’m comfortable living with diverse habits when house rules are clear.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M1_Q25\tab I can adapt my way of doing chores to match a shared standard.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q1\tab Are you more of a night owl or morning person?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Night-owl, 5=Morning-lark)\par
M2_Q2\tab What are your typical sleep hours on weeknights? (Select start and end time)\tab timeRange\tab Time range (start/end in 24h, e.g., 22:00-07:00)\par
M2_Q3\tab Weekend sleep window (typical): start and end (24h).\tab timeRange\tab Time range (start/end in 24h, e.g., 22:00-07:00)\par
M2_Q4\tab I can adapt quickly when my sleep schedule changes.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q5\tab I need consistent quiet to feel well-rested.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q6\tab I wake up easily if there's light in the room.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q7\tab I wake up easily if there's noise in the hallway.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q8\tab What's your preference for bedroom lighting at night?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Ambient bedroom light, 5=Blackout darkness)\par
M2_Q9\tab I use screens in bed within 30 minutes of sleep.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Never, 5=Always)\par
M2_Q10\tab I nap most days.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Never, 5=Always)\par
M2_Q11\tab I'm okay with quiet water or cooking sounds after 10:30 PM if they're kept low.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M2_Q12\tab I’m comfortable with quiet living-room conversations after my bedtime if doors are closed.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M2_Q13\tab Preferred quiet-hours start (weekdays)\tab mcq\tab 20:00 | 21:00 | 22:00 | 23:00 | 00:00\par
M2_Q14\tab Preferred quiet-hours end (weekdays)\tab mcq\tab 06:00 | 07:00 | 08:00 | 09:00\par
M2_Q15\tab Preferred quiet-hours end (weekends)\tab mcq\tab 08:00 | 09:00 | 10:00 | 11:00\par
M2_Q16\tab I’m okay with a fan or white-noise running at night.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M2_Q17\tab I often feel unrested in the morning.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Never, 5=Always)\par
M2_Q18\tab I’m okay with early appliances (coffee grinder/blender) before 08:00 on weekdays.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M2_Q19\tab I’m okay with housemates awake in common areas after my bedtime if they keep it low.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M2_Q20\tab No loud calls/gaming in common areas after quiet hours.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q21\tab I rarely wake during the night due to household sounds.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q22\tab I’m okay with late study sessions in common areas before quiet hours.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M2_Q23\tab I prefer no showers after quiet hours begin.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q24\tab I’m flexible moving my quiet hours slightly if neighbors/housemates need it.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M2_Q25\tab If a housemate’s schedule is opposite mine, I can plan around it.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q1\tab I’m more sensitive to sudden than steady noises.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q2\tab Ongoing background noise (TV, music) distracts me.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q3\tab I usually use headphones for media in shared spaces.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Never, 5=Always)\par
M3_Q4\tab What volume do you prefer when listening to music or media?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Low listening volume, 5=High listening volume)\par
M3_Q5\tab I’m comfortable when living-room conversations are faintly audible in my room.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q6\tab Doors should be closed gently at all times.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q7\tab Daytime maintenance noise (vacuum/drill) is acceptable.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q8\tab Do you prefer windows open or closed?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Windows open for fresh air, 5=Windows closed to avoid noise/pollen)\par
M3_Q9\tab I’m sensitive to strong fragrances (sprays/incense).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q10\tab Prefer fragrance-free laundry/cleaners at home.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q11\tab I’m okay with air-fresheners in common spaces.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q12\tab Preferred room temperature range (°C)\tab mcq\tab 18–19 | 20–21 | 22–23 | 24+\par
M3_Q13\tab I overheat easily indoors.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q14\tab I feel cold easily indoors.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q15\tab I like using a fan for airflow in common areas.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Never, 5=Always)\par
M3_Q16\tab What humidity level do you prefer?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Prefer drier feel, 5=Prefer more humid feel)\par
M3_Q17\tab I accept cross-ventilation even if a bit noisy.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q18\tab How do you prefer lighting in shared spaces?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Soft/lamps lighting, 5=Bright overhead lighting)\par
M3_Q19\tab I’m comfortable with short music practice in daytime.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q20\tab I’m comfortable with gaming voice chat in living room before quiet hours.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q21\tab No external speakers in bedrooms.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q22\tab I prefer door-closers or felt pads to reduce slams.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M3_Q23\tab I tolerate street noise if windows are open.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q24\tab I’m comfortable with vacuuming up to 20:00.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M3_Q25\tab I prefer quiet-hours reminders posted in the hallway.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q1\tab Cleanliness standard — Kitchen\tab mcq\tab Low | Medium | High\par
M4_Q2\tab Cleanliness standard — Bathroom\tab mcq\tab Low | Medium | High\par
M4_Q3\tab Cleanliness standard — Living area\tab mcq\tab Low | Medium | High\par
M4_Q4\tab How soon do you typically wash dishes after using them?\tab mcq\tab Same day | Within 24h | Within 48h or more\par
M4_Q5\tab No dishes left overnight.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q6\tab I wipe stove/counters immediately after cooking.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Never, 5=Always)\par
M4_Q7\tab Kitchen storage & staples policy.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Labeled shelves & clear 'mine/yours', 5=Mostly shared staples & open shelves)\par
M4_Q8\tab Comfortable sharing basic condiments if replaced when empty.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q9\tab Prefer separate cookware (reasons not requested).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q10\tab Comfortable with strong cooking smells if ventilated.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Very uncomfortable, 5=Very comfortable)\par
M4_Q11\tab Do you prefer shoes on or off indoors?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Shoes-off indoors, 5=Shoes-on okay)\par
M4_Q12\tab How do you prefer to organize household chores?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Scheduled chores (rota/system), 5=Flexible chores (as needed with reminders))\par
M4_Q13\tab If I miss my chore, I do it within 24h without prompts.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q14\tab Okay with a monthly deep-clean day.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q15\tab Chip in for shared cleaning supplies.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q16\tab Take out trash when full even if not my turn.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q17\tab Okay with a photo standard for 'clean enough'.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q18\tab Prefer separate bathroom storage per person.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q19\tab Guests can use our cookware if they clean it immediately.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q20\tab Laundry hours stance.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Laundry after 22:00 is okay if quiet, 5=Prefer no laundry after 22:00)\par
M4_Q21\tab If someone repeatedly misses their chores, there should be agreed-upon consequences.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q22\tab Okay with eco-cleaning (vinegar/baking soda) if effective.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q23\tab Prefer dishwasher loading rules posted.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M4_Q24\tab Bathroom etiquette preference.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Quiet mornings in bathroom, 5=First-come-first-serve and chatty)\par
M4_Q25\tab Okay with rotating 'kitchen closer' (last to wipe/sweep nightly).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q1\tab I want a socially active home (weekly hangs/meals).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q2\tab I prefer a quiet home (rare group hangs).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q3\tab How many daytime guests do you expect to have per week?\tab mcq\tab 0–2 | 3–5 | 6–10 | 10+\par
M5_Q4\tab How many overnight guests do you expect to have per month?\tab mcq\tab 0 | 1–2 | 3–4 | 5+\par
M5_Q5\tab Prefer no overnight guests on weeknights.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M5_Q6\tab Minimum notice before inviting guests\tab mcq\tab None | Same day | 1 day | 2+ days\par
M5_Q7\tab Max group size I’m comfortable with at home\tab mcq\tab 2–3 | 4–6 | 7–10 | 11+\par
M5_Q8\tab Latest gathering end (weeknights)\tab mcq\tab 21:00 | 22:00 | 23:00 | 00:00 | 01:00+\par
M5_Q9\tab Latest gathering end (weekends)\tab mcq\tab 22:00 | 23:00 | 00:00 | 01:00+\par
M5_Q10\tab I’m comfortable co-hosting dinners/events with housemates.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q11\tab Post-event cleanup should happen before bedtime.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q12\tab Common language in shared areas\tab mcq\tab English | Dutch | Either\par
M5_Q13\tab I’m willing to switch to the common language when someone joins.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q14\tab I’m comfortable hosting friends who don’t speak the common language.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q15\tab I’d like to practice Dutch at home (opt-in).\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M5_Q16\tab Okay with gaming/movie nights before quiet hours.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q17\tab Smoking and vaping should only happen outside and away from windows.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M5_Q18\tab Alcohol in common areas is okay in moderation.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q19\tab Prefer alcohol limited to private rooms.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q20\tab Prefer to meet regular visitors/partners beforehand.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q21\tab Okay with relatives from abroad staying multiple nights (with notice).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q22\tab During gatherings, I’m comfortable keeping to the common language for inclusion.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q23\tab After gatherings, quiet hours apply immediately.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q24\tab I prefer a shared calendar for events/visits.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M5_Q25\tab I’m comfortable coordinating guest sleeping arrangements (sofa/airbed).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q1\tab If a house rule is broken once, I message the group kindly the same day.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Never, 5=Always)\par
M6_Q2\tab I’d rather address issues 1-to-1 before the group chat.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q3\tab I prefer having a brief weekly house check-in (about 15 minutes).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q4\tab I’d rather raise recurring issues within 24–48h than wait weeks.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q5\tab If I caused a problem, I appreciate immediate feedback.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q6\tab If tension rises, I suggest a short break then resume calmly.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q7\tab Escalation stance.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Prefer solve internally, 5=Loop in landlord/RA earlier)\par
M6_Q8\tab Sarcasm/banter tolerance.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Sarcasm/banter comfortable, 5=Prefer minimal sarcasm/banter)\par
M6_Q9\tab How do you prefer to phrase requests to housemates?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Prefer polite phrasing ('Could you…?'), 5=Direct imperatives are okay)\par
M6_Q10\tab Comfortable giving feedback across age/year differences.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q11\tab I’m okay using a shared board/app for chores/issues.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q12\tab Comfortable saying no to last-minute plans at home.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q13\tab I bring solutions, not just complaints.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q14\tab I’m comfortable calling a quick meeting if rules slip.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q15\tab Door etiquette for getting attention.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Text before knock, 5=Knock before text)\par
M6_Q16\tab Response time in house chat\tab mcq\tab Within 1h | Within 3h | Same day | Next day\par
M6_Q17\tab I avoid non-urgent issues during exam weeks.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q18\tab I’m open to mediation if we get stuck.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q19\tab Feedback channel for sensitive topics.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Discuss sensitive topics in-person, 5=Text first for sensitive topics)\par
M6_Q20\tab I'm comfortable taking turns being the 'feedback lead' to help facilitate discussions.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q21\tab I’m okay with an anonymous suggestion form for house issues.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q22\tab When resolving conflicts, what matters more to you?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Quick compromise, 5=Principled resolution even if longer)\par
M6_Q23\tab I’m fine with agenda + notes for house meetings.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q24\tab I prefer having guidelines for chat communication (e.g., no ALL CAPS, no messages after midnight).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M6_Q25\tab I’m comfortable owning mistakes in the chat publicly.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q1\tab Do you prefer bedroom doors open or closed?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Open-door when free, 5=Closed-door unless invited)\par
M7_Q2\tab I need daily alone time at home to recharge.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q3\tab I’m happy to study/work in common areas together.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q4\tab Common areas for socializing, bedrooms for privacy.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q5\tab Quiet reading in living room while others chat softly is okay.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q6\tab Borrowing policy.\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Borrowing okay if asked, 5=No borrowing)\par
M7_Q7\tab I want my own fridge/pantry shelf clearly marked.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q8\tab Comfortable pooling spices/condiments in a shared bin.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q9\tab Tool sharing (vacuum/mop/toolkit) is okay.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q10\tab Prefer labeling personal cleaning supplies.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q11\tab Comfortable being in casual photos/videos at home.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q12\tab Prefer no photos/videos of me at home.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q13\tab Quiet calls in living room during day are okay.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q14\tab Prefer calls kept to bedrooms unless group activity.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q15\tab Study partners can use common areas before quiet hours.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q16\tab Prefer to ask before hosting study partners.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q17\tab Prefer decor in common areas discussed first.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q18\tab Neutral seasonal decor without discussion is okay.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q19\tab Comfortable with shared parcel handling (sign/collect).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q20\tab I prefer not to handle other people's packages unless they ask me to.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q21\tab Okay with lockbox spare key for emergencies.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q22\tab Prefer no key sharing; use intercom instead.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q23\tab Knock-and-wait rule for bedroom doors.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q24\tab I prefer privacy shades in common rooms at night.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M7_Q25\tab I want clearly defined personal zones in the living room (shelves/desk).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q1\tab I pay my share on time every month.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q2\tab I’ll use a shared expenses app (e.g., Splitwise).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q3\tab I keep receipts for shared purchases when asked.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q4\tab I report maintenance issues promptly.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q5\tab I handle small fixes (e.g., lightbulb) without delay.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q6\tab I separate waste/recycling as required locally.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q7\tab I’m comfortable with energy-saving practices (lights off, shorter showers).\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q8\tab No smoking or vaping indoors under any circumstances.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q9\tab No smoking on balconies or near windows if housemates request it.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q10\tab I can commit to building/landlord rules.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q11\tab No subletting or paid guests (e.g., Airbnb) should be allowed without everyone's agreement.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q12\tab I have or will get liability insurance if required.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q13\tab I agree to share a basic emergency contact with housemates.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q14\tab What's your preference regarding pets in the home?\tab bipolar\tab 1-5 (1=Prefer no pets, 5=Okay with some pets)\par
M8_Q15\tab I’m okay with cats.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q16\tab I’m okay with dogs.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q17\tab I’m okay with small caged animals.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q18\tab I need to register my address (BRP) at this location.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q19\tab The address must allow BRP (address registration).\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q20\tab How flexible are you with the move-in date? (Enter number of days you can adjust by)\tab number\tab Number (days)\par
M8_Q21\tab I’ll provide documents for municipal registration when asked.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q22\tab I prefer contracts that specify quiet hours and guest rules.\tab likert\tab 1-5 (1=Strongly disagree, 5=Strongly agree)\par
M8_Q23\tab Minimum stay commitment (months)\tab number\tab Number (months)\par
M8_Q24\tab I agree to a roommate agreement created from our answers.\tab toggle\tab Yes/No\par
M8_Q25\tab Preferred communication language for rental/house docs\tab mcq\tab English | Dutch\par
}